feat: introduce restore dirty state marker, startup probes and optional database probe timeouts (#139)
metal-stack/backup-restore-sidecar: README.md

   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f your-provider-secret.yaml
   ```

2. **Apply the database manifest:**
   Copy the matching template for your setup (e.g., `deploy/postgres-s3.yaml`). This contains the complete deployment (`StatefulSet`, `ConfigMap`, `Secret`, `Service`). Adapt parameters like PVC storage classes, image tags, namespaces, and credentials to your environment, then apply:
   ```bash
   kubectl apply -f your-database-manifest.yaml
   ```

To see the backup-restore-sidecar in the wild, you can take a look at our [metal-roles](https://github.com/metal-stack/metal-roles/blob/master/control-plane/roles/postgres-backup-restore/templates/postgres.yaml), which deploys the backup-restore-sidecar for a postgres database in production.

### Startup-, Readiness-, and Liveness Probes
The [manifests](deploy) have probes configured for the database container, to avoid restarts of the database during the restore process and to only serve traffic when the database is ready.
It is difficult to provide sensible default probe configurations for all databases, so the provided probes are just examples and should be adapted to your specific use-case.

> * **Startup probe:** If your database takes a long time to get ready on restored data directories (e.g. because it has to replay a large WAL or has a large data directory), you should adapt the startup probe to have a longer timeout threshold. This can avoid premature restarts of the database container while it is legitimately busy recovering.

Reviewer: Not a database expert but I think the restore information is not required. Correct me when I am wrong:

```suggestion
* **Startup probe:** If your database takes a long time to get ready (e.g. because it has to replay a large WAL or has a large data directory), you should adapt the startup probe to have a longer timeout threshold. This can avoid premature restarts of the database container while it is legitimately busy starting up.
```
